Adds tracking parameter for client hints (#643)
matomo-org/developer-documentation: docs/4.x/tracking-api.md

* `cookie`  &mdash; when set to 1, the visitor's client is known to support cookies.

* `ua` &mdash; An override value for the **User-Agent** HTTP header field. The user agent is used to detect the operating system and browser used.

> * `uadata` &mdash; JSON encoded **Client Hints** collected by javascript. This will be used to enrich the detection with user agent. (requires Matomo 4.12.0)

Reviewer: Maybe this is a bit clearer?
```suggestion
* `uadata` &mdash; JSON encoded **Client Hints** collected by javascript. This will be used to enrich the detected user agent data. (requires Matomo 4.12.0)
```
